# CS-250-Software-Development-Lifecycle
In this repository I uploaded all of my work for this class, including my journals entries, java files, jar files, docx files, xlsx files and my one ppt files. My main issue early in this course was with creating an executable jar file. So in our week 3 assignment the TopfiveDestinations file the Jar file will not launce. I did include all of the files inthis zip including the .Java file which was good and had all the needed code adjustments. I later figured out what I was doing wrong when we had to create the Detox site adjustments and that .jar file loads fine.

This class was interesting for me as I was learning about Agile and Scrum for the first time, but as I continued to read and discover more about these concepts, I realized that I have been using these ideas for years in my current role. I was able to think about what I do at work within my retail orginazation and I see every aspect of Agile and the Scrum framework in how we try to operate. 
When I think about user stories, the simple framework is great, As a shopper, I want to add items to my digital cart so I can get what I need delivered to my home.
This gets interpreted as multiples parts of needed code. How does the customer create an account and save their info, how are they presented with items to choose? are there different categories? how do they add it to their carts? does their cart save? is there a frequently bought section? etc... This seams like a simple user story, but after starting to dig a little deeper it is more like an epic and needs smaller user stories to create this final concept. 
I have never developed a program before, so I think about how I have approached projects before. I started by knowing what the expected outcome is, or what good looks like. This is where I start to formulate a plan of how I get from point A to point B. I think about how long will this take, how many people and what skills do I need? What are the possible holdups? I would have always thought that we used more of a Waterfall concept with deadlines, and well laid out expectations, however with the constant changing of requirements, layouts, product flow, staffing, and many other interuptions, I know see that we truly use a hybrid model with rely on so many of the Agile principles. Going forward I would like to make better use of the feedback loop. The idea of constant feedback helps to ensure we are always improving and moving forward.
Being a good team member in software developement and in any area or profession would start with respect. Being respectful of everyone, every idea, every story or suggestion. This then allows for trust, growth, productivity, and accountability. With all of these happening the team can Thirve and reach any goal put in front of them.
